# Knowledge Graph Threat Modeling

You did it: you've set up your own home server and network! You've cobbled together multiple computers, drives (both physical and virtual), virtual machines, docker containers, subnets, and backups. Everything is working, but then you're hit with a feeling: did I cover everything? What are the vulnerailities (from an error, a hack)? Am I backing up everything properly? What are the implications if someone gains access to my router? Where is my [*insert super personal dark secret here*] actually stored, who (or what programs) are required to access it, and how safe is it?

You grab a pen and paper and start drawing it all out, then you quickly realize you've drawn an incoherent spider web; it makes no sense. So you throw that away and open up an Excel file; still, the subtle connections remain hidden amongst Excel's strict grid of columns and rows. You search reddit for what other people have done and all you find are basic network topology maps. What are you to do?

Here we introduce the concept of threat modeling using a "Knowledge Graph", resulting in a "Network Atlas": a method for analyzing and stress-testing a network of nodes (their interrelationships and interdependencies) using switchable and generational attributes. It is a graph of interactive nodes, allowing users to audit the network under user-defined stressors and circumstances. Note that this is a non-technical guide introducing the concept of threat modeling using a knowledge graph; it is in need of technicians to bring this tool to life.
